yes everything that i say at this
interview will be the truth
i met donald trump at some
parties i attend that i was working
for mr jeffrey epstein
the first time that i met donald trump
uh
was at a party at jeffrey epstein's um
mansion uh we were
he was there was an orgy going on and
he was kind of watching off in the
distance
and and he
basically asked
if i could come over and give him um
give him a hand job and at first i
wasn't very comfortable with it this was
like my first or so you know first party
and i i didn't you know i didn't think
that that was my
responsibility uh but my recruiter
told me that i needed to do it um so i
agreed to
and um then
he you know i i said i began to
sorry this is um a little difficult but
um
jeffrey epstein um is a billionaire
friend of donald trump's that um was
responsible for throwing the sex parties
um there was um i originally
um came to new york trying to be a model
and
in my travels i met a girl named tiffany
there
who um was very interested in me and
said that you know she
that's what she did is that she helped
girls you know get what they wanted and
and she could help me get and get into
modeling that she knew a lot of um
people that were that were higher ups
and that it would be no problem
um and so that's why you know she but i
would just basically
have to come model at a couple of events
and meet some people
would be no sweat so um of course i went
you know that sounded like
no big deal and she
was recruiting the girls to come to
these parties
and as far as donald trump he
knew that i was 13 and i believe that
tiffany told him
he seemed to take a liking to me because
i was
i was so young um and um i was also a
virgin
so i don't know he's it seemed like he
wasn't really
into having um having
girls that that were liked by the other
guys he kind of
you know the whole glove and he kind of
liked things to be his
first you know you know that for lack of
you know a better term but
he was the one who wanted
to um get to get to a girl before
everyone else did donald trump knew that
i was 13
um because the first the first night
that i was there
tiffany actually suggested that and she
had a whole bunch of different wigs and
i expressed interest in them and i
always told her that i would
love to walk around with blue hair and
so i tried some on
and um there was a blonde wig that that
she
said that looked great on me so i wore
that wig
and donald trump had specifically asked
about me because i remind him of his
daughter
and she said well she's 13 as well so he
knew
the first time that he saw me but he
took a liking to me because i look like
his daughter
journalism is dead
what has yet to die is public faith in
journalism what has yet to die what has
yet to die
is the widespread habit of mind
whereby people presume that
any important case of this type
would be investigated by journalists and
presented them by journalists
with that investigation and
representation
being proportional to the importance
and merit of the case i have read
the legal documents that were filed for
this case
if you take the time you can too
there is absolutely no valid reason
to trivialize or dismiss the legal
documents
that were filed for this case in terms
of invalid reasons
if an historian 50 years from now were
to look back and ask the question
how is it possible that such astounding
allegations against donald trump were
ignored
for so many years in decision there are
some invalid reasons
that are worth noting and remarking on
first and foremost
in the year 2016 public interest
in jeffrey epstein was almost zero and
it's difficult to remember that now
but really the storm of controversy
surrounding jeffrey epstein and his
arrest
came several years later number two
and i just note the autobiographical
accounts of
one of the journalists who handled this
investigation and bungled this
investigation
he says part of his own thinking was
just shaped by the expectation that
donald trump
would lose the election which is stupid
it is fundamentally stupid to dismiss
this case
because of the assumption that donald
trump will lose the election and then it
won't matter it matters these
allegations
matter and of course obviously the case
against jeffrey epstein also in its own
right
on its own merits mattered but even if
donald trump had never
run for president united states this
case
would matter and should have been taken
seriously by journalists in a way
that it never was emily sugarman
is repeatedly referred to as one of the
only journalists who ever spoke to
the woman you've just seen on video or
perhaps the only
woman now emily sugarman was incompetent
emily sugarman was an imbecile and from
what i can see
she has either invented or been crucial
in propounding
this doctrine that we don't even know
if this woman ever really existed note
the headline here
wait katie johnson actually exists
observed absurd unforgivable
incompetence on the part of the uh uh
journalists here quote i don't know if
johnson wrote that letter in fact
i don't know if the katie johnson i
spoke to is the same girl
who trump allegedly raped in 1994 or if
that girl
even exists here's the website for
lawyer
evan l goldman of goldman davis crum
holt and dylan
now apart from the question of whether
or not it would be
possible to file so many legal documents
with the courts in the united states of
america if you don't exist
if the existence of the person as such
were a hoax right if it were hoax on
that level i don't know if it's possible
to file so much paperwork with the
american legal system and again
to say that there is no evidence is a
lie
three witnesses three women
who all have testimony each
corroborating of the three women who are
all in the same place at the same time
and to whatever extent
participating in this scenario that is
evidence eyewitness testimony is
evidence how dare you say there's no
evidence do you think this guy
you think this distinguished lawyer
do you think he would have knowingly
participated
in a hoax representing a person who
doesn't even exist and this lawyer still
gives interviews
to this day talking about what happened
and yeah here's the crucial here's the
crucial part
why was the lawsuit dropped why was the
why was the case
dismissed from court because this woman
was afraid that she was going to be
killed and if you know anything about
the jeffrey epstein case
if you know anything about how much
money in power
was supporting donald trump
it is not unreasonable that she was
afraid
that she was going to be killed someone
stole her car and her cell phone
they received threats
it is not unreasonable at all that she
was scared and it would not be
unreasonable
for her to feel disappointed in the
response
she received from the press she was
expecting
the press to leap forward and champion
her case and that never happened it
didn't happen in 2016
before the election of donald trump it
didn't happen after the election donald
trump it still
hasn't happened to this day journalism
is dead
needs to die next
is this phony sense of expectation
we have as readers that anyone
else is going to do the research for us
you
have to do the research for yourself
donald trump knew the cameras were there
in the video he makes a point to draw
epstein's attention to them
and the video captures donald trump and
epstein chatting
while watching a group of women at the
party dance
it's not an image that matches trump's
declaration that he was not a fan of
epstein's
questions he's a lot of fun to be with
it's even said that he likes beautiful
women as much as i do
and many of them are on the younger side